week_3/1_git_started/readme.md, before:

[Week 3 Home](../)

#U1.W3: "Git" Started

## Learning Competencies
- Use git commands in the terminal
- Fetch changes from a forked repository
- Push and pull your own changes between your local and remote repositories

## Summary:
Most of you have been using the GitHub app to make changes on your repo and push them to your remote (on github.com) repository. Most programmers do not use the app, so in this challenge, you will be ditching the app and learning to use git from the command line. You should do your best to do all further work using the command line.

## Release 0: Install Git
[Install git](https://help.github.com/articles/set-up-git) on your command line if you haven't already. 

## Release 1: Research
Read/Watch any of the resources listed below. Really try to get a feel for how Github works. Then make sure you use it from now on! Make sure to learn what a commit is. If you make any mistakes, you can always revert to any commit, so commit often!

- [Try Git](https://www.codeschool.com/courses/try-git)
- [VIDEO: How to Use Git and GitHub](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tRTckrrCME4&list=PLHPcpp4e3JVrR1OCuUAAWLmWEVKok7zAq)
- [LifeHacker: How the Heck Do I Use GitHub?](http://lifehacker.com/5983680/how-the-heck-do-i-use-github)
- [GitHub for Beginners, Don't Get Scared, Get Started](http://readwrite.com/2013/09/30/understanding-github-a-journey-for-beginners-part-1#awesm=~oCnoK6Ohf5NlNs)
- [LearnGitBranching](http://pcottle.github.io/learnGitBranching/)

## Release 2: Define basic commands
In your [my_solution.md](my_solution.md) file, describe what each command does.
 

## Release 3: Use git
Commit your files and push any changes you've made to your remote repository using the command line!

## Release 4: Write a git workflow
Give yourself a little cheatsheet (in order) of commands you'll need to: 
- Push files to a remote repository
- Fetch changes
- Commit locally

## Release 5: [Reflect](https://github.com/Devbootcamp/phase_0_handbook/blob/master/coding_references/reflection_guidelines.md)
In the reflection section of your 'my_solution.js` file, reflect on your learning using the [reflection guidelines](https://github.com/Devbootcamp/phase_0_handbook/blob/master/coding_references/reflection_guidelines.md). ***NOTE: Reflections are mandatory!***

## Release 6: Review
[Review others' solutions](https://github.com/Devbootcamp/phase_0_handbook/blob/master/coding_references/review.md) by leaving an issue. Compare their definitions and workflow to yours. Did you have trouble understanding Git or Github? Did they have trouble? Provide actionable, specific, and kind feedback. (You are expected to leave at least two comments for this challenge).

Commit message:

added section for error messages

week_3/1_git_started/readme.md, after:

[Week 3 Home](../)

#U1.W3: "Git" Started

## Learning Competencies
- Use git commands in the terminal
- Fetch changes from a forked repository
- Push and pull your own changes between your local and remote repositories

## Summary:
Most of you have been using the GitHub app to make changes on your repo and push them to your remote (on github.com) repository. Most programmers do not use the app, so in this challenge, you will be ditching the app and learning to use git from the command line. You should do your best to do all further work using the command line.

## Release 0: Install Git
[Install git](https://help.github.com/articles/set-up-git) on your command line if you haven't already. 

## Release 1: Research
Read/Watch any of the resources listed below. Really try to get a feel for how Github works. Then make sure you use it from now on! Make sure to learn what a commit is. If you make any mistakes, you can always revert to any commit, so commit often!

- [Try Git](https://www.codeschool.com/courses/try-git)
- [VIDEO: How to Use Git and GitHub](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tRTckrrCME4&list=PLHPcpp4e3JVrR1OCuUAAWLmWEVKok7zAq)
- [LifeHacker: How the Heck Do I Use GitHub?](http://lifehacker.com/5983680/how-the-heck-do-i-use-github)
- [GitHub for Beginners, Don't Get Scared, Get Started](http://readwrite.com/2013/09/30/understanding-github-a-journey-for-beginners-part-1#awesm=~oCnoK6Ohf5NlNs)
- [LearnGitBranching](http://pcottle.github.io/learnGitBranching/)

## Release 2: Define basic commands
In your [my_solution.md](my_solution.md) file, describe what each command does.
 

## Release 3: Use git
Commit your files and push any changes you've made to your remote repository using the command line!

## Release 4: Write a git workflow
Give yourself a little cheatsheet (in order) of commands you'll need to: 
- Push files to a remote repository
- Fetch changes
- Commit locally

## Release 5: Git errors
If you encountered any errors or things that were confusing in the terminal, copy the error and do some research on it. See if you can fix it. If not, ask for help understanding it on the community. 
Once it's fixed, see if you can explain what the issue was.

## Release 6: [Reflect](https://github.com/Devbootcamp/phase_0_handbook/blob/master/coding_references/reflection_guidelines.md)
In the reflection section of your 'my_solution.js` file, reflect on your learning using the [reflection guidelines](https://github.com/Devbootcamp/phase_0_handbook/blob/master/coding_references/reflection_guidelines.md). ***NOTE: Reflections are mandatory!***

## Release 7: Review
[Review others' solutions](https://github.com/Devbootcamp/phase_0_handbook/blob/master/coding_references/review.md) by leaving an issue. Compare their definitions and workflow to yours. Did you have trouble understanding Git or Github? Did they have trouble? Provide actionable, specific, and kind feedback. (You are expected to leave at least two comments for this challenge).
